Small typo fixes for model card: electra-base-german-uncased (#6555)
huggingface/transformers: model_cards/german-nlp-group/electra-base-german-uncased/README.md

It can be used as a drop-in Replacement for **BERT** in most down-stream tasks (**ELECTRA** is even implemented as an extended **BERT** Class).

> On the time of the realse (August 2020) this Model is the best performing publicly available German NLP Model on various German Evaluation Metrics (CONLL03-DE, GermEval18 Coarse, GermEval18 Fine). For GermEval18 Coarse results see below. More will be published soon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the time of release (August 2020) this Model is the best performing publicly available German NLP Model on various German Evaluation Metrics (CONLL03-DE, GermEval18 Coarse, GermEval18 Fine). For GermEval18 Coarse results see below. More will be published soon.

```
